when economies are becoming rapidly more
unequal they don't really want goods and
services because allary people are
becoming poorer what they want is assets
because rich people are becoming richer
so you get a natural deflation in goods
and services prices and inflation in
assets but we don't look at the asset
inflation central banks when they when
they consider what interest rate to do
the news they talking about inflation
they only look at goods and services
inflation so we will move into a
situation where goods and service
inflation and in particular wage
inflation is very very low maybe a
negative which means Central bank's cut
rates which I think they will start
doing relatively quickly and then you
get this like double whammy impact on
asset prices which is first of all the
rich are making a ton of money so assets
want to go up secondly interest rates
are collapsing which so assets go up
even more so you get this kind of
Disconnect which is the ordinary economy
is
basically there's not a lot of inflation
and I think we will move into this world
soon so interest rates come down whereas
asset prices are going massively through
the roof